welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode 1 if you want a
quick spoiler free review to know if you
should watch it or not yes absolutely I
loved it it's a really cool vibe sort of
a Western but in Star Wars there's some
sweet action and a lot of funny stuff
without it being overwhelming or corny
so yeah I'm excited to see where the
show goes so it begins on a cold icy
planet a Mandalorian walks into a bar
now my girlfriend who's not a big star
Wars fan asked hey is that a Boba Fett
to which the answer is kind of you don't
have to know much Star Wars lore to
understand the show but just to clarify
the Mandalorians are a race of people
easily identifiable because they wear
this super-sweet boba fett armor Boba
Fett was one the most famous cuz he was
the only one in the original Star Wars
and not all Mandalorians are bounty
hunters but I think a lot of them are
because that's kind of what they're into
so this Mandalorian is of yet-unnamed
but he is a big badass takes these guys
out he saved this smarmy blue alien guy
but he's actually here to collect a
bounty on him I can bring you an alarm
call he calls a cab back to his ship I
love the cool alien stuff like this guy
summons a cab by playing the flute the
Mandalorian specifically requests no
droids so watch out for that later he
might hate them for some reason so he
gets this funny human pilot who wants
them to watch out for some sort of alien
and oh one gets him yeah it's coming
form it's a giant walrus monster
Mandalorians unconcern D cattle prods it
right off his ship and they are off
funny blue alien talks for a while about
how he's got to use the bathroom which
is kind of hilarious if you've never
seen a fledgling mythal evacuate the
thorax
you're lucky God trusts me and he finds
our Mandalorian has a bunch of his marks
frozen in carbonite
just like any Solo and he gets himself
frozen to back on his home base planet
goes to another bar that's full of super
cool practical effect aliens I love the
vibe brings us back to the original Star
Wars Cantina he talks to his bounty
hunter boss Carl Weathers apparently
they're in a bounty hunting guild and
they're given these little pucks that
have the marks on them Carl Weathers
tries to pay him in imperial credits but
mentally rains like yo that's not good
anymore the Empire's fallen yeah that's
where this takes place by the way is
right after the original trilogy the
Empire's fallen and the galaxy is now in
this sort of limbo
now Carl Weathers doesn't have any more
good marks for him except for one off
the record
so mandalorian goes to talk to the
client and he's got a bunch of
stormtrooper bodyguards yeah their
armors all dirty and stuff cuz again the
Empire's fallen they're basically just
hired mercenaries now I mean they
probably could have found some Windex or
something to keep their armor clean but
I'm not gonna tell them how to live
their lives so the client is that actor
who talks real funny he said whoever
fist into parsec and he's like hey I
can't tell you anything about the mark
except for where they are nerdy
scientist seaming guy is like hey we
need them alive but this guy's like a
dead would be okay
now the exciting thing is he's paying in
best Skaar steel they don't go into much
detail but what we can gather is best
scar is a Mandalorian metal from their
home planet in fact our Mandalorian goes
to meet a hot Mandalorian Jack it's part
of their whole culture by the way they
never take their helmets off um I wonder
if Pedro Pascal ever will now the best
cars feel he just got apparently the
reason it's so valuable is because she
can Smith it down into some sweet armor
they also talked about how the rest of
the money will help sponsor many
foundlings of which he was once one we
got some vague flashbacks here basically
I think foundlings are young
Mandalorians that are lost or spread
throughout the galaxy and they're trying
to Eve unite them all bring them back
together so Mandalorian goes to a rocky
planet where he's attacked by one of
these animals kind of like a mini t-rex
frog someone tranqs them and saves him
it's this little alien guy he's
hilarious because he ends every
conversation in the best possible way I
have spoken he's gonna help by teaching
the Mandalorian to ride one of these
animals called a blur long story short
he gets it and they ride off to where
his bounty is Mandalorian scouting it
out but there's immediately a
complication a bounty hunting droid is
here first this droid is not much for a
subtlety he goes in guns blazing and
even though the Mandalorian doesn't like
droids they work together for this one
once they're surrounded the droids like
oh it's in my protocols I can't be
caught activating self-destruct middle
organs like whoa no ok hold off on that
and it's a funny writing joke he tries
it multiple times in the end they bring
out the laser Gatling gun and they're in
big trouble but Mandalorian boom pulls
off some sick tricks and grabs it for
himself
gooo pew pew pew pew who takes them all
out they get inside the bunker about
their locators pointing to a little baby
crib Oh
my god it's a baby Yoda I don't even
know what species Yoda was as far as I
know Yoda was the only one we ever saw
whatever it's called though it's super
cute
so androids gonna blast him boo
Mandalorian takes him out he's not
killing a baby and that's how the
Mandalorian episode one comes to an end
hit that subscribe button I'll be doing
weekly Mandalorian recaps plus lots of
other cool shows
[Music]